Added Description about the project (#76)
osl-incubator/cookiecutter-python: README.md

# Cookiecutter Python Package

**Cookiecutter-python** is a template developed by [Open Science Labs](https://opensciencelabs.org/) that creates projects from project templates and is based on [Cookiecutter](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter) command-line utility  . It serves as a boilerplate which can be used by beginners as well as full fledged developers to simplify the project creation process and save considerable amount of time.
Cookiecutter enables projects with an initial layout that includes recommended tools, workflows, and project structure. 

> PyOpenSci is actively conducting research to determine the tools, libraries, best practices, and workflows utilized by significant scientific Python groups. As a result, this template offers customers a place to start that adheres with industry standards and may be adjusted to meet particular project requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Science Labs Scientific Python cookiecutter  template is based mainly on the PyOpenSci recommendations who is actively conducting research to determine the tools, libraries, best practices, and workflows utilized by significant scientific Python groups. As a result, this template offers to authors a place to start that adheres with industry standards and may be adjusted to meet particular project requirements.
```
